KubeVirt overview text (#150)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/components/virtualization.adoc

== KubeVirt Overview

> KubeVirt allows for managing Virtual Machines with Kubernetes along side the rest of your containerized workloads. It does this by running the user space portion of the Linux virtualization stack in a container. This minimizes the requirements on the host system allowing for easier setup and management. 

Reviewer: Typo?

```suggestion
KubeVirt allows for managing Virtual Machines with Kubernetes alongside the rest of your containerized workloads. It does this by running the user space portion of the Linux virtualization stack in a container. This minimizes the requirements on the host system allowing for easier setup and management. 
```
